Extend lesson description (#34)
escience-academy/lesson-agile-escience: index.md

permalink: index.html  # Is the only page that doesn't follow the pattern /:path/index.html
---

This lesson teaches how to successfully work together in a team.

> It is geared towards people that create research software,
> but anyone wanting to get better at working in teams can learn something from this lesson.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is geared primarily towards people that create research software in an academic setting, however the lesson is most likely also useful for anyone trying to work on a team in scientific projects. Finally we hope that anyone wanting to get better at working in teams can learn something from this lesson.
```
